.. _index:

======================================
Rackspace |product name| vN User Guide
======================================

*Last updated:* |today|

.. Define |product name| in conf.py
.. You can define other variables in that file and use them throughout
   your documents.

The Rackspace |product name| vN enables customers to [insert a
description or benefit of the product].

Provide one to two paragraphs that describe the product. Where it fits
into Rackspace products and services.

Describe the purpose of this document and the audience.

[[[Example:

VMware NSX® is the network virtualization platform for the
Software-Defined Data Center (SDDC), delivering the operational model
of a VM for entire networks. With NSX, network functions including
switching, routing, and firewalling are embedded in the hypervisor and
distributed across the environment. This effectively creates a
“network hypervisor” that acts as a platform for virtual networks and
services.

Like the operational model of VMs, virtual networks are
programmatically provisioned and managed independently of underlying
hardware. NSX reproduces the entire network model in software,
enabling any network topology— from simple to complex multitier
networks— to be created and provisioned in seconds. Users can create
multiple virtual networks with diverse requirements, leveraging a
combination of the services offered via NSX to build inherently more
secure environments.

This handbook is your primary resource for information related to the
NSX add-on component for Rackspace Private Cloud powered by VMware
(RPC-VMware), such as getting started, using, and getting help. It
also includes references to additional resources external to the
handbook. ]]]

.. Do we need this? Product name vN
   <https://developer.rackspace.com/docs/{product-name}/{vN}/>

.. toctree::
   :maxdepth: 1

   common/common-front.rst
   overview/index.rst
   installing/index.rst
   getting-started/index.rst
   using/index.rst
   api.rst
   administering/index.rst
   troubleshooting.rst
   support/index.rst
   common/common-end.rst
